# Banking-Website
A full-fledged banking website that handles net banking and crypto transactions securely by using the Hmacsha-512 algorithm. Crypto transactions are handled by a blockchain mechanism. It uses HTML, CSS, and JavaScript as front-end technology Java servlets, JSP(Java Server Pages) as back-end technology, and MySQL as a database. JDBC is used to connect the backend with the database. This website is used by two types of customers namely normal customers having an account in a bank and a person who has a Bitcoin wallet. A normal person can first register on the website using the account number given in the bank along with his personal information. Once registered he can log in using the account number and password to redirect to his home page. Once logged in he can transfer his money to another account using the net banking feature. For transferring the money to another account, the account can be both within the bank or outside the bank. The customer can also get the e-statement of his account. He can also file a complaint to the bank regarding transactions and others. Finally, he can also check his bank balance. Now coming to the next set of customers those who have crypto wallets, They first create an account on the website and can transfer the bitcoin to another person using their bitcoin address. He can also get the current Bitcoin price in the market. Finally, the person can also act as a miner to mine the transaction on a specific block in the blockchain. Cool, the passwords of the customers are secured since they are hashed using the Hmacsha-512 algorithm before storing it in the database. Salts are also used along with the hash password to increase the security.

The database.txt file contains the structure of database tables and their values used for our project.

TeckStack Used: Java, JDBC, JSP, Servlets, HTML, BOOTSTRAP CSS, Javascript, MySQL Database, Cryptography.
